good morning you guys right now it's
only 6:30 a.m. but I'm having some
grapefruit I don't know how to eat
grateful so I just killed it like it was
an orange or something The Moron cherry
tomatoes because of my schedule today I
probably won't be able to work out so
I'm just gonna just 50 squats we don't
click in my room and just clean
everything up let's do the makeup pretty
easy now I gotta go to work before I
head off to work what's meat the quote
of the day first quote Korea just doing
what you're afraid to do there can be no
courage unless you're scared there may
be some people that say that they're not
afraid of me in States but actually
these people they're just good putting
in their fears they accept their fears
even if they have to encounter it versus
and these they just goal there might be
a chance that you're going to fall and
fail once you fall just get back up
again and try again that's the kind of
attitude you have for July 29th I
couldn't wait for success so I went
ahead without it that many times where
when we're trying to achieve one goal we
put aside so many things a common
example would be say oh you're not gonna
date someone until you lose weight or
you're not going to invite people for
dinner until you buy that new piece of
furniture however you have to understand
that life even if you put things back
it's not gonna wait that's the queen of
the day you like
I cut the head off to me just finished
teaching my TV and now I'm probably just
gonna go to Ghana um clicking shop and
then I'm gonna watch movies with my
cocktail
so this is how gun them looks like when
you're out of the
it's just one of the buildings here
and this is the subway
cute scorning then I'm gonna go share
and tell cannot the chest right now
oh my god I just found out that copy I
said she doesn't she has plans so he
answered up not B which would have been
movie theaters so he wants me to go with
his son instead I mean I've never been a
son before so I don't know how it's
gonna be but it's probably just gonna be
like a pun just movie night I guess
nothing serious I'm not gonna take it
seriously at all it's just getting to
know somebody instead of living cafe is
because the cafe that I went to the
Wi-Fi
oh it's really good and it's only a
pinch of spicy so it's really easy
nice pick or I just walked in the
bathroom and mail to end of the third
year and I thought I walked in the wrong
bathroom when I was like and then the
police officer is like oh no no I go and
this is the girls room
I'm just inspecting the girls bathroom
because it's the tuck in or to not plug
in but it's always the question I never
know ricotta cheese
so I got off one station early so I
could exercise it's almost 12:00 now and
I watched the most scariest movie ever
it's called assassination and oh my god
yeah you could get so happen in them it
was pretty good I had a lot of fun and
it's actually really beautiful today
wait let me try to get it there's a full
moon since I was walking like forward I
thought the moon would be behind me so I
kept thinking back but then I was like
nature